---
Spellcasting Rules:
  General:
    Spellcasting Focus:
      You can use a holy symbol (found in chapter 5) as a spellcasting focus for
      your Sorcerer spells.

  Sorcerer:

    Wild Magic Surge:
      Starting when you choose this origin at 1st level, your spellcasting can
      unleash surges of untamed magic. Immediately after you cast a sorcerer
      spell of 1st level or higher, the DM can have you roll a d20. If you roll a
      1, roll on the Wild Magic Surge table to create a random magical effect.

    Tides of Chaos:
      Starting at 1st level, you can manipulate the forces of chance and chaos
      to gain advantage on one attack roll, ability check, or saving throw.
      Once you do so, you must finish a long rest before you can use this
      feature again. Any time before you regain the use of this feature,
      the DM can have you roll on the Wild Magic Surge table immediately after
      you cast a sorcerer spell of 1st level or higher. You then regain the
      use of this feature.

    Bend Luck:
      Starting at 6th level, you have the ability to twist fate
      using your wild magic. When another creature you can see makes an attack
      roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, you can use your reaction and
      spend 2 sorcery points to roll 1d4 and apply the number rolled as a bonus
      or penalty (your choice) to the creature’s roll. You an do so after the
      creature rolls but before any effects of the roll occur.

    Controlled Chaos:
      At 14th level, you gain a modicum of control over the surges of your wild
      magic. Whenever you roll on the Wild Magic Surge table, you can roll twice
      and use either number.

    Spell Bombardment:
      Beginning at 18th level, the harmful energy of your spells intensifies.
      When you roll damage for a spell and roll the highest number possible on
      any of the dice, choose one of those dice, roll it again and add that roll
      to the damage. You can use the feature only once per turn.
